Lin Zhiyuan, you have a saying that is quite right
Fake can't be real
Ye Meng, your eldest lady's dream should wake up
That's not possible.
Silently
You are the real Miss Ye
Hurry up and make it clear
There must be some misunderstanding
You've been lying to me.
Right? I have something to do.
I'll go first
You make it clear to me
Make it clear, say it quickly
Say you are the eldest lady of the Ye family
Tell me!
What kind of lady is he?
He's been pretending to be me
Cheating outside
You two are so stupid
To believe such a clumsy lie
It's me, not the eldest lady
But where am I different from you?
Isn't that how you reincarnate?
You bitches are always making things difficult for me
For you, you care, the company targets me everywhere
Repeatedly spread rumors against me
It's also you who are shameless as a mistress
Enter my relationship with Lin Zhiyuan
But
I'd like to thank you
Let me see your Zhiyuan clearly
False successful mouth
How dare you !
You cunt!
You bitch
You hurt our family
I'm going to kill you!
You are scary
You roll over
I beg you not to hit my daughter